Send to Zhou Yuanjin
Let him roll over and kneel down and beg for mercy
What if he doesn't come?
Just take it back.
Even the car is a group, so it's stupid.
But something to say
If he really doesn't come, you will be miserable
Coffee, start the clock now
If Zhou Yuanjin doesn't come after 40 minutes
Kill this girl
Hahahaha
40 minutes to
Stop
Wahaha stop
You're here, you're going to play for another 10 seconds, I've already been ruined
Hey, what's wrong with your leg?
Your leg is so lame
It will arrive in your account in one second.
The leg is lame, hahahahaha.
Oh this whistle, this whistle
One set fire to it.
Can't burn the horse to death
Can't kill you
Your life is so hard, but why don't you two understand so much today?
You put the snow-capped mountains first
I won't bother with you about what happened before
Forget about your damn god and cancel the contract for me
My ship can only dock inland now
The last time a banned brand was found
I almost stopped.
How to settle this account
What do you want?
Simply promote your online platform.
Also let my good brother play with your woman
So I think our business can be written off
Otherwise, both of your lives are on the line today
Do you want my life?
But you want to touch my woman
It depends on whether your bones are hard or not